2024-07-02 11:01

Tags: #listeningspeaking #homework 

# 2024-07-02 Robert

Robert was asked about his life with his extended family of three generations consisting of his father and mother, his grandparents, and his siblings. He said that his family has influenced almost every part of his life. Robert's family is shown to be a very hard-working family; Robert's granddad and Robert's parents are still working and not retired. and his grandma never leaves the house. Robert recalls that one time when he was in the car, he saw the kids on the street, and he felt sorry for them that they didn't have the opportunity to live with a big family like he does. 

Robert is now studying at a university far from his home, and this has created conflict between him and his dad for the reason that his dad is overprotective and wants his children to be around. One time, Robert's family was going to have a vacation for the weekend, but Robert was busy with his university work, so he could not come back home. Because of these problems, he realized that he had to be on his own sometimes. 

Robert is also the oldest of the three siblings. Sometimes his uncle and aunt will come visit and also bring their cousins with them to play roller skates in the basement. Robert said that he doesn't play much with people around his age since he has his cousins to play around with.
 
  
Robert was asked about the change of the word "family" in today's date. He said that family can be something other than blood relations; a group of people who are not related but who love and care for each other can be called a family as well.
# References